feat(umip157): Remove `transferThreshold` from Across parameters (#592)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-157.md

following algorithm describes the process of computing running balance and net send amount:

```
spoke_balance_threshold = the "threshold" value in `spokeTargetBalances` for this token
spoke_balance_target = the "target" value in `spokeTargetBalances` for this token

net_send_amount = 0

> # If running balance is positive, then the hub owes the spoke funds.
>   net_send_amount = running_balance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If running balance is positive, then the hub owes the spoke funds.
if running_balance > 0:
  net_send_amount = running_balance
```

  running_balance = 0
# If running balance is negative, withdraw enough from the spoke to the hub to return the running balance to its target

> else if abs(running_balance) >= spoke_balance_threshold:

Reviewer: ooc, what does this `else if` correspond to? In the code segment that's output by markdown, it seems to be unmatched by any `if` statement.

![2023-09-19-145421_741x235_scrot](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/assets/108695806/60012206-ca83-4f42-a68d-ab450fb0dcc8)

following algorithm describes the process of computing running balance and net send amount:

```
spoke_balance_threshold = the "threshold" value in `spokeTargetBalances` for this token
spoke_balance_target = the "target" value in `spokeTargetBalances` for this token

net_send_amount = 0

> # If running balance is positive, then hub owes spoke funds and always send funds
> if running_balance >= 0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If running balance is positive, then the hub owes the spoke funds.
```

  net_send_amount = running_balance
  running_balance = 0

> # If running balance is negative, send over enough to get running balance back to target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If running balance is negative, withdraw enough from the spoke to the hub to return the running balance to its target
```
